Let's go
Sad to death
What? How?
How dare you do this to my face?
Hurt my two grandchildren
Sugar to them
I gave them a chance
Cultivate at your own expense or die
They chose the latter
Yang Fan, you are so brave
Xingjun is about to kill him
Even if you kill the three immortals, what can you do?
As long as Xingjun is there
You must die
Even your master is no match for me
You are courting death
You just ambushed my master
And
When did I say that I am not as good as my master?
Since you are courting death
I'll kill you first
Then kill your master
And all of you here are going to die
Is it obvious now?
Akaba, I wanted to spare you
But you have no martial arts ethics
Instead, he killed the master